CHRISTY CHAMBERS:  Hello, I am Christy Chambers from Illinois representing the Council of Administrators of Special Education and with me today is Sharon Schultz from Florida representing the National Education Association. We are here today to introduce you to the concept of a Partnership Collection. A collection is a set of materials around a topic of importance to education. These collections are created by cross stakeholder groups that include educators, service providers, family, youth, and  a variety of others with a vested interest in educating our nation’s children. A collection is intended to provide access to and use of research and materials on a particular topic. As collections are created, the cross stakeholders come together and determine what is current practice, and what are the needs of the field. The cross stakeholders also determine and have a common understanding of who they are and what is their work together. The result then is a collection that includes essential elements, guiding principles, and grounding assumptions. These documents from a collection then can provide a foundation for others to come together and talk about this important topic. And now, Sharon will talk with you more about the components of a collection. SHARON SCHULTZ: In addition to the foundational documents that Christy just shared with you, there are four others that I specifically would like to share with you around collections and what you will find there. One of those is glossary. Each collection has a glossary of terms and acronyms defined in very user friendly ways. We have heard from people in the field that this is very useful as when we bring folks together they can then have a shared understanding of exactly what they are talking about as they look at these terms within that particular topic.Additionally, every collection will have several Dialogue Guides. A Dialogue Guide starts with a topical brief that everyone in the room reads and then there are selected questions to help people come together and coalesce around their understanding of that particular topic and then move forward with some proactive work around changing practice to improve outcomes for our students. Additionally, people in the field have told us that what they really need are Power Points to help initiate interest in the particular topic, to share resources, to generate ideas to help move toward more growth and better outcomes for kids. So every collection has at least one and sometimes as many as five different Power Point presentations. Each Power Point then also has a Presenters Guide. Each Presenters Guide has a set of talking points as well as background information really important to the person who is making those presentations to others. CHRISTY CHAMBERS:  As we work on these collections, we hope that you will select one or more that align with your areas of interest and bring together others in your community to talk about a topic that is important to you. Please also then go to Your Voice and let us know if this brief video on Partnership Collection was a value to you. Thank you.